what is moongoose.promise = global.promise
ChatGPT

The line mongoose.Promise = global.Promise is used to set Mongoose's default promise library to the native Promise implementation provided by Node.js. Here’s a breakdown of what this line does and why you might use it:
Explanation

    Mongoose's Promise Library: By default, Mongoose used to have its own internal implementation of promises (prior to version 5.x). This was necessary because older versions of Node.js and the JavaScript language had limited support for native promises.

    Global Promise: Modern versions of Node.js have a native Promise implementation, which is generally preferable to third-party promise libraries due to better integration and performance.

    Setting the Global Promise: The statement mongoose.Promise = global.Promise tells Mongoose to use Node.js’s native Promise implementation instead of its internal one.

Why Use This?

    Consistency: Using the native Promise ensures consistency across your application, especially if you’re already using native promises elsewhere.

    Performance: Native promises are often optimized and better integrated with the JavaScript engine, potentially offering better performance and reduced overhead.

    Simplified Code: By using the native Promise, you avoid potential issues and bugs related to the promise implementation in third-party libraries.

Example Usage

In an application using Mongoose, you might set the promise library like this:

javascript

const mongoose = require('mongoose');

// Use the native Node.js promise library
mongoose.Promise = global.Promise;

mongoose.connect('mongodb://localhost/mydatabase', { useNewUrlParser: true, useUnifiedTopology: true })
  .then(() => {
    console.log('Database connection successful');
  })
  .catch(err => {
    console.error('Database connection error:', err);
  });

In this example, mongoose.Promise = global.Promise ensures that Mongoose uses the native Promise implementation when performing asynchronous operations like connecting to the database.
Important Note

As of Mongoose version 5.x, the library has switched to using native Promise by default, so you no longer need to set mongoose.Promise = global.Promise manually. If you’re using Mongoose 5.x or later, you can omit this line.